missed the layup that he actually got
the ball back huh in the right place at
the right time
centered opportunely no clues so
position D phenomena bruh
we have twenty-eight point five seconds
remaining in the ball game
he never I will have 21 seconds to work
with but I've already in the penalty
here and is Selena close to make 14
lights down Miller is open for the lead
they'll go I prefer to leave
water play leave until I lost this man
Willie Miller had an open look they
recovered Delta in a manner we'd have a
dress for that foot back they never on
top by one so 18.6 Evans remaining for
the Bravo energy coffee masters to get
back at this game here's what happened
he never worked inside is everything
verdict makes one that fall to win the
mirror will not be due until ya Samuel
Monroe left and rest of nose house and
relevant ambrus and the Pope for the
prophetic foot back that was the 20th
rebound but of a buildin ambrus at
perhaps the biggest could be the biggest
rebound in this game of him popping a
nap in a timeout number for Bravo energy
coffee masters
here
out
Sam will wake me now
- Olimpo you take Danny San Lucas
Rudy Hatfield is it a game tactical
substitution here so Hatfield is in for
he lebra and Paulo ho body is in for
another offensive weapon here Paris our
Morocco 18 point six seconds to go and
the coffee masters are going for the win
they're down by one he never has fouls
to give
and Rajas took seven seconds to initiate
look we were some very smart not giving
a big week polish them waiting for
salmon burger to make an attacking
dribble under 12 seconds lemon look at
salmon roe to catch this ball for the
Morocco's turnover
bolla sahih 31 low and what they costly
miscue - ah Bravo and now they have no
choice but to give up the quick fall
here under 8 seconds here in the fourth
and he labra rescuing itself from the
jaws of defeat
sometimes it really happens to the
benefit Cibola Bob Alexei a brother on
top by one and we expect but after given
profile quickly and that file will leave
you never know 6.5 seconds free-throw
shooting needle for Willie Miller Willie
Miller for today
7 points 1 of 1 from the free-throw area
subnautica says a major strengthening
average they're an excellent free-throw
shooting today
74% of them is a one drawback NATO for
the Bravo's Nikko well as I said I'm not
eternal timeout even Miller makes both
Morocco will have a fighting shots
Bella makes the first so it's 90 to 90
in favor of the Nebra this was a
nine-point advantage for the Broncos 90
against 81 in the last two minutes with
a three-pointer by Alfred Aaron and
suddenly he never applied the defensive
umbrella on the Morocco's and they also
generated a lot of choice courtesy of
Ehrlichman and Celina Busse to turn
things around here in the last stages of
the fourth
no problem for the two free-throws
three-point game - Ghana has the ball
alparagata still has it for the three a
wild shot and he never
hi
almost almost but Djokovic egos
my booty though they survived they went
by three points ninety three ninety over
the barato energy coffee monster when
they grab ahold of the solo fourth spot
at five and four just behind Alaska
which will play in our second game
tonight against Santa Lucia sorry
gainfully Battaglia and they own horn
but eventually Eric Megan was the
x-factor the game changer for the team
came in support Eric Menk is with
Patricia also posted a new conference
high with this 20 points but let's talk
about how crazy and how scary the last
two minutes would yeah we're getting
lucky you know I feel like the same
thing happened to us last week but the
48 minute game and keeping our head
above water so hopefully second round
we're going to perform better I hope so
alright well you're talking about
getting lucky the last one that you guys
had was against air 21 you guys also had
it just in the last seconds of the game
and then you lost the next three event
now winning this game also in the last
seconds what are the things that you
the second half of elimination you know
hopefully you know we're doing it the
hard way but hopefully we're getting
some endgame experience but now we're
done with three minutes I'd like you
plugging away keep plugging away so
funny we can play better and there's
experience and the close games will help
us out and suck around the oils I don't
I don't have a website I don't have
facebook I don't have any bass i have
twitter so follow me I collect myself I
don't even know what it is so dirty
yourself like that thank you everybody
come here no place never go he did
Magglio melanoma lung I know this is a
big win by an average you same thing
that they did I guess you're 21 and only
the chin things are truly capable of
this definitely huge comeback saia para
salvar across multiple options in the
making up by 9 1981 but states were not
meant to be for the barajas here tonight
against in everyone's eyes were five in
four to finish the first round on the
other side Ethel Barajas 2 and 6 to 8 7
para Sam Brown heartbreaking loss for
the coffee masters there so again Dean
ever winning by three
9390 over the baraka coffee energy
masters coming up next Ivan Simpson and
the rest of the aces face
Kelly Williams and the rest of the
center Lucia Realtors deaths happening
in just a few moments but her finish of
review the season my partner coach
Rodney Mott saddle on equality sakes
that buy for more PBA Wednesday only
here on solar TV